[Music]
the galaxy is in the midst of a civil
war spies for the Rebel Alliance of
stolen plans to the galactic empires
Death Star a heavily armored Space
Station capable of destroying an entire
planet
rebel leader Princess Leia has the plans
but her ship is captured by the Imperial
forces under the command of the evil
Darth Vader before she is captured Leia
hides the plans in the memory of an
astromech droid r2d2 along with the
holographic recording r2d2 flees to the
surface of the desert planet Tatooine
with c-3po a protocol droid the droids
are captured by jalwa traders who sell
them to moisture farmers Owen and Beru
Lars and their nephew Luke Skywalker
while cleaning r2d2 Luke accidentally
triggers part of Leia's message in which
she requests help from obi-wan Kenobi
the next morning Luke finds r2d2
searching for obi-wan and meets Ben
Kenobi an old hermit who lives in the
hills and reveals himself to be obi-wan
obi-wan tells Luke of his days as one of
the Jedi Knights
former Galactic Republic peacekeepers
with supernatural powers derived from an
energy called the force who were all but
wiped out by the Empire contrary to his
uncle's statements Luke learns that his
father fought alongside obi-wan as a
Jedi Knight obi-wan tells Luke that
Vader was his former pupil who turned to
the dark side of the force and killed
Luke's father obi-wan then presents to
Luke his father's weapon a lightsaber
obi-wan views Leia's complete message in
which she begs him to take the Death
Star plans to her home planet of
alderaan and give them to her father for
analysis obi-wan invites Luke to
accompany him to Alderaan and learn the
ways of the force Luke declines but
changes his mind after discovering that
Imperial Stormtroopers searching for
c-3po and r2d2 have destroyed his home
and killed his aunt and uncle obi-wan
and the Luke hire smuggler han solo and
his wookie first mate Chewbacca to
transport them to Alderaan on Hans ship
the Millennium Falcon upon the Falcons
arrival at the location of Alderaan the
group discovers that the planet has been
destroyed by order of the Death Star's
commanding
officer grand moff tarkin as a show of
power the falcon is captured by the
Death Star's tractor beam and brought
into its hangar bay while obi-wan goes
to disable the tractor beam
Luke discovers that Leia is imprisoned
aboard and with the help of Han and
Chewbacca rescues her
after several escapes the group makes
his way back to the Falcon on the way
back to the Falcon obi-wan engages in a
lightsaber duel with Vader once he is
sure that others can escape obi-wan
allows himself to be killed the Falcon
escapes from the Death Star unknowingly
carrying a tracking beacon which the
Empire follows to the rebels hidden base
on Yavin for the rebels analyzed the
Death Star's plans and identify a
vulnerable exhaust port that connects to
the station's main reactor Luke joined
the rebel assault squadron while Han
collects his payment for the transport
and tends to leave despite Luke's
request that he stay and help in the
ensuing battle the rebels suffer heavy
losses after several unsuccessful attack
runs leaving Luke is one of the few
surviving pilots Vader leads a squadron
of TIE fighters and prepares to attack
Luke's x-wing fighter but han returns
and fires at the Imperials sending Vader
spiraling away helped by guidance from
obi-wan spirit Luke uses the Force to
destroy the Death Star seconds before it
can fire on the rebel base back on Yavin
for Leia Awards Luke and Han with medals
for their heroism
[Music]